chore: add deprecation notice (#10)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python-core: README.md

> > ⓘ IMPORTANT NOTE: This repository is deprecated. Please use [this](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python) repository instead.

Reviewer: This formats it like shown [here](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925)

```suggestion
> [!WARNING]  
> This repository is deprecated as the `core` was moved to [`stackit-sdk-python`](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python). Please use that repository instead.
```

Reviewer: We should also deprecate the repo in the settings

Author: > We should also deprecate the repo in the settings

Yes. But I think we can do that only after this PR is merged because it will prevent any changes in the repository from happening.
